Note that GC Disabling is a must despite Dumpling's auto extend feature (#16347)
pingcap/docs: migrate-from-tidb-to-mysql.md

1. Disable Garbage Collection (GC).

>     To ensure that newly written data is not deleted during incremental migration, you should disable GC for the upstream cluster before exporting full data. In this way, history data is not deleted. (This step can be skipped if the TiDB version is later than or equal to v4.0.0 and certain conditions are met. For more details, please refer [here](/dumpling-overview.md#manually-set-the-tidb-gc-time))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To ensure that newly written data is not deleted during incremental migration, you should disable GC for the upstream cluster before exporting full data. In this way, history data is not deleted. For TiDB v4.0.0 and later versions, you can skip this step under specific conditions. For more details, see [Manually set the TiDB GC time](/dumpling-overview.md#manually-set-the-tidb-gc-time).
```

>     To ensure that newly written data is not deleted during incremental migration, you should disable GC for the upstream cluster before exporting full data. In this way, history data is not deleted. This is a must step since even though Dumpling may [auto-extend the GC](/dumpling-overview.md#manually-set-the-tidb-gc-time) for TiDB v4.0.0 and later versions, after the Dumpling exits, GC may kick in, leading to failure in migrating the incremental change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To ensure that newly written data is not deleted during incremental migration, you should disable GC for the upstream cluster before exporting full data. In this way, history data is not deleted. For TiDB v4.0.0 and later versions, Dumpling might [automatically extend the GC time](/dumpling-overview.md#manually-set-the-tidb-gc-time). Nevertheless, manually disable GC remains necessary because the GC process might begin after Dumpling exits, leading to the failure of incremental changes migration.
```

>     To ensure that newly written data is not deleted during incremental migration, you should disable GC for the upstream cluster before exporting full data. In this way, history data is not deleted. For TiDB v4.0.0 and later versions, Dumpling might [automatically extend the GC time](/dumpling-overview.md#manually-set-the-tidb-gc-time). Nevertheless, manually disable GC is still necessary because the GC process might begin after Dumpling exits, leading to the failure of incremental changes migration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    To ensure that newly written data is not deleted during incremental migration, you should disable GC for the upstream cluster before exporting full data. In this way, history data is not deleted. For TiDB v4.0.0 and later versions, Dumpling might [automatically extend the GC time](/dumpling-overview.md#manually-set-the-tidb-gc-time). Nevertheless, manually disabling GC is still necessary because the GC process might begin after Dumpling exits, leading to the failure of incremental changes migration.
```
